Score	Review
1	Ride seems comfortable and gas mileage fairly good averaging 26 city and 30 open road .
1	Seats are fine, in fact of all the smaller sedans this is the most comfortable I found for the price as I am 6', 2  and 250# .
1	Great gas mileage and comfortable on long trips .
1	Good gas mileage, comfortable seating, lots of leg room .
1	Lots of comfort for the price .
0	The ride is loud and uncomfortable .
0	I drive 2 hours to work each day and it is just not comfortable to me .
1	Getting about 26 mpg mixed city hwy with conservative driving, seating 4 people comfortably .
1	The ride is quiet and comfortable .
0	Styling is bland, the engine isn't strong at all, and the car doesn't deliver good comfort while driving it .
0	The seats aren't comfortable either .
1	It is relatively comfortable inside .
1	It's a pretty good car, reliable, comfortable as far as it goes, but limited rear visibility because of high rear bumper, and a problem with its computer  learning  my  driving style .
0	The driver seat is still soft and mostly uncomfortable .
1	The ride is comfortable and it seems to ride a little higher than the average sedan, which I like .
1	I've had 3 BMWs and only one of them could offer a more comfortable ride than the Camry .
0	Second the internal comfort id awful .
0	The previous soft seats were replaced with hard cheap ones which are very very uncomfortable and give me back pain .
1	If you keep in mind that the Camry is a comfort car, you may even enjoy the experience .
1	While the 4 cylinder does not have the punch of the Honda Accord 4 cylinder, the comfort and quietness of the ride won out .
1	No hestitation, comfort is great in front in back .
0	I feel uncomfortable driving this car and will get rid of it .
1	Very comfortable, great styling .
1	I was surprised by how quiet the cabin was and just how comfortable it was to sit in and drive .
0	This car offers poor driver's seat comfort, poor vision  , only average ride quality, gas mileage 
1	We have had this Camry about two years now, and it is not a boring car but it is smooth, comfortable and has good road manner, and overall it is a good car .
1	I'd highly recommend anyone buy this car if they are seeking an affordable, comfortable, reliable vehicle .
1	You can not get that comfort with any other automaker other than perhaps Honda .
1	Looks are great and interior is comfortable, but it ?
1	I needed a comfortable commuter that I could also run around with the family in .
1	great ride, quiet comfortable spacious cabin, superior electronics  , fair price and good looks .
1	You can't have it both ways, either a car is full of power and stiff suspension or it's smooth and comfortable on the road .
1	The interior is very luxurious and comfortable, however the car feels slower than my 2002 Camry LE .
1	For the comfort and entertainment of the ride, I like the Camry .
1	The driver's seat is really comfortable .
1	I have had no transmission issues or rattling, the comfort and ride of this vehicle felt to me much more high end then what I had paid .
1	I love the look, and the comfort, but would never buy one again .
1	I've read other reviews stating that the leather seats were not comfortable for long drives due to lack of cushion support, but that's not been the case for me especially after recently driving from Houston to Key West, Fla .
1	The seats were very comfortable .
1	The car comfort, looks, performance and fuel economy are great but the paint is a disaster .
0	Front seats are not comfortable on long trip .
1	I was not sure at first about trading my 01 Honda Accord but have been more than satisfied with the performance, looks, and comfort .
1	A little stiffer ride than the xl and xle models I have had, but still comfortable and quiet .
1	Very comfortable ride and seating .
1	Very low interior noise level, which adds to the long trip comfort .
0	The ride, comfort, and drive is as expected, however, the quality and reputation of yore are completely gone for the flagship Camry .
1	Over the month it was in the shop, we rented several different cars and nothing seemed to measure up to the comfort and options of the Camry .
0	The seat comfort is not as it was and I found that the gas, brake pedals are offset too much to the left of my body centerline .
1	Very comfortable, quiet interior .
1	Seats are padded more firmly than previous model but comfortable on trips .
1	Feels expensive, yet comfortable with larger interior than my Grand Prix .
1	Trunk is big and rear seat very comfortable for 2 and will seat 3 .
1	Headroom body room comfort great for my 6'1  250 lbs .
1	I feel that the Camry just gets better and better in terms of comfort, styling and performance with each generation .
1	It looks awesome, turns like it's on rails, has a great sound system, and is just comfortable and fun to drive .
1	It is very quiet and comfortable .
1	Smooth, comfortable, reliable, fast .
1	Very comfortable seating position for both me and my husband .
1	The interior is extremely comfortable, and spacious .
1	For the price I couldn't have asked for a better performing, comfortable and stylish whip .
1	The seating is relatively comfortable .
1	Other than that, technology is mind blowing on this sedan and performance is incredible, with a smooth and comfortable ride .
1	I'm 6'3  and I find this car very comfortable to drive or ride in .
1	My friends say my car is just like a Lexus and I have to agree, very comfortable and beautiful .
1	Seats are comfortable, but wish the seat bottoms tilted back more into a bucket position .
1	Solid, high quality, comfortable and quiet .
0	Uncomfortable head restraint, too close to my head .
1	Superb handling, performance and comfort .
1	Turns out, it was one of the smoothest, most comfortable rides ever .
1	 bought this car smitten by its exterior look and interior comfort .
1	Yes, it is very comfortable, esp for the price paid .
1	Very quiet and comfortable ride, more than enough power .
1	It is very reliable and comfortable .
1	It's very comfortable and a quiet ride with low levels of road and wind noise .
0	The seats are way to low to the ground making long drives uncomfortable .
0	I do not find the front seats as comfortable as the seats in my old 96 Ford taurus .
1	Toyota made many improvements since 03, including more comfortable front seats, better rear seat room and comfort   .
1	Very comfortable, quite and smooth ride .
1	The sound system is incredible, the seats are comfortable, the controls are ergonomic and straight forward and the take off power is quite impressive .
1	My passengers are expecially happy with it and love the room, comfort, and adjustability .
1	On longer trips, however, they have a tendency to fall asleep, , which I think emphasizes how comfortable, smooth, and quiet it is .
1	It is a very comfortable car that gives us options that we never had on previous vehicles .
1	I test drove and compared similar 4 door sedans like the Maxima, Accord, Mazda6, and noticed that none had all the features,performance,comfort ,safety,and looks that the Camry has .
1	The navigation works flawlessly, comfortable seats .
1	I have to say the car rode great,comfortable and gas mileage great .
1	I would recommend this car to anyone looking for a comfortable ride as well as good fuel economy .
1	The seats were very comfortable on a four and a half hour   trip, and wind and road noise were minimal .
1	The interior is much more comfortable than my last 3 Camrys and the exterior styling is oh so chic .
1	Comfortable and quiet with excellent gas mileage .
1	Comfort is great, mileage is good overall, better on the road than expected  , compared to my 1999 Camry .
0	Having flown 26 different aircraft and driven cars for 61 years, I find the 2007 Camry to be the most uncomfortable cockpit I have every been in .
0	The headrest presses into my head at an uncomfortable angle and it is imposssible to tell where the front of the car is for parking .
0	The window sill is too high and the armrest too low to be comfortable .
1	The new looks are what attracted it to me initially, but its relatively smooth drive, comfort and reliability sold me on it .
1	It is a beautiful sapphire blue, has really nice lines, is very comfortable, is plenty peppy, and hugs the road .
1	The ride is very comfortable, although I'm 6'6  and I didn't think head room was an issue but I do think leg room could be better, I think this is mainly because the back seats have tons of leg room .
1	It is so comfortable and drives perfect .
1	Overall this car is very quiet, comfortable, smooth, powerful, and absolutly the best mid, size in the current market .
1	Leather seats are comfortable, Nav system is easy to use .
1	I only have a vibration shimmy problem at 70 mph, visited dealer three times and ended up with changing a new tire and now the ride is even quieter and comfortable .
1	Leather seats were comfortable .
1	Leather interior very comfortable .
0	My conclusion after doing a ton of research regarding safety, reliability, comfort and gas mileage : the Hyundai Sonata is thousands of dollars cheaper and matches the Camry in all respects except comfort .
1	Bottom line was that I was going to be in that driver's seat for years to come and I was not going to skimp on the critical comfort factor .
1	While the '03 was roomy and comfortable, the steering and handling were very vague .
1	The interior is upgraded markedly, and although there is a bit less headroom, the added telescoping feature of the steering wheel combined with the greater travel of the seat   yields greater comfort .
1	A luxurious comfort feature, and a fuel consumption that is best in the class .
0	Nice looking interior but seats are very hard and are not comfortable for long trips .
1	Top notch rating on interior comfort .
1	The car is VERY comfortable and the air conditioning is perfect for the heat here in Arizona .
1	Extremely comfortable with 3 separate power driver seat adjustments .
1	I purchased a Camry LE approximately 2 months ago, it's a smooth comfortable ride .
1	I selected the Camry for its comfort and reliability .
1	This new Camry is indeed very comfortable with quiet and soft ride .
0	Very uncomfortable when driving long distances .
0	I am not real fond of the electric seat and I find it is not as comfortable as my F150 pickup on trips .
1	This car is easy to drive, great gas mileage and comfortable .
1	However, when we drove the Camry we were impressed with its looks and the comfort of the ride .